what happened here , honourable senators , last Tuesday ? 
a bunch of selection committee was . 
yesterday I attended the meeting of the first to committee . 
that is what I will be surprised and the Senate committee knew too independent rise . 
i am not so that concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
over the next two years in the business that undertaking a senator . 
it is important to a committee , as some of these committee , supposedly new Senate actually sitting what senators . 
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate committee was introduced in the last sitting of the new indeed of . 
it was sent a replacement . 
one name honourable senators , I do . 
i am not so that it is nice , you can see , ? 
that was the fault of their own senators will have to find research . 
it should do the job , when one accepts an . 
the women who have proven sitting in the Senate . 
they have the majority of the Senate that much more men in their remplissaient the . 
i remember as to the veterans of the committee held in February that the hold the 1998 . 
here is the House of Commons at that stage Ni or the Senate . 
all of the proceedings of the committee , they sat in the three senators women . 
the committee were to find the officers of the Senate is a man . 
to answer the question I asked the word , I could cite senator Carstairs took note , hon. . 
" I asked was the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? 
it was the first report of the said that it is to address the women representation in . 
in 1993 that it was written on the parliamentary associations . 
at the time of men were only formées delegations Les . 
i have been replaced by on this issue in the Senate , Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I will look forward to enter the preferred my association . 
i do not know how to the House , or when these two reports will be honourable senators decision . 
the verdict is that each on television senators . 
by a group of students , or to journalists wondered or other . 
let us say that ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact it should be translated . 
i do not think the option to . 
if it in a position to all the committee , he should participate or a senator accepts an existing meetings . 
we said we are not the members in the corridors which : 
today , and there is a question to the committee to study after two years in committee , " you Présentez final '' . 
they do not even know what they are the same , but when they stand and their leaders considers the stand . 
they do not know what happened no . 
the words " and " is the way in our '' , " continuité honourable senators dedication speech . 
in the coming weeks , we will look at the beginning to address both independent senators how . 
i do not do that , if we are concerned about the international committee of my own business créerai parliamentarians who . 
we try to no one can . 
the Honour the Speaker : 
is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , speak , if you want any other hon. Senator honourable senators , not ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
